
### Date of the meeting: July 09, 2019

_**Call Time**: 5 pm GMT (San Francisco Tue 09:00, Thessaloniki Tue 19:00, Melbourne, Wed 02:00)_
_[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20181218T19&p1=1428&ah=1)_

Connection info: https://zoom.us/my/sheraaronhurt

### Attendees
- Chair: - Silvia
- Note-taker(s): Bianca
- Sarah Stevens
- Serah Rono
- Jessica
- Ouso
- Sher!

### Apologies
- Sateesh (Teaching workshop@Davis)
- Christina (busy week!!)
  - I can post the notes from this meeting to the github repo if necessary
  - Also, I didn't do my action item of checking in with committees; will do that in the next two weeks
- Anne: Sorry I am on holidays with no proper internet connection!

### Agenda points (suggested before the meeting)
  
  - Update from Bianca on the venue
  - Determine next steps for venue
  - Conference Theme
  - Committee updates
  - Planning
  
### Minutes from the Discussion:

#### Update from Bianca on the venue: 


- Capetown lodge - $31.51/person/day (cofee breaks, lunch, juice, water, paper, white board, wifi, screen etc.) 
secretarial and translation services avaiable for fee. Outside catering not allowed, they will acoomidate many diets, 
outsourceing when need, no childcare but can be arranged, 3 of the rooms are wheelchair accessible?
123 rooms, last year we had 120 so this might limit now many people can come. 
There are other hotels near by (from Bianca's drive by). Lots of other stuff near by.  Accomodation, 
breakfast, and dinner not included in the fee. 31.76(dinner)+31.51(dayly conference fee)+accomodation.  
Quote for 200 people for 3 days: $64,387 USD for whole conference including accomodation, 
etc. (everything but dinner)+ $9,056 USD for dinner. (Total: USD $73,443 without accomidation for 77 )  
TOTAL w/ ALL ACCOMIDATION $101,702  ~ 508.51 per person.

- UWC - country side, not walking distance, 10 minutes by car, 
need transport arrangement but possible, dont' know about what the costs will be like for 
that (by delegate or as part of registration?).  Met with Sandra in person last week. 
She said she would recommend a different venue after thinking about the choices.
But Bianca thinks it might be bad to add another venue to the last at this point.  
Silvia agrees that we shouldn't add another venue.  
Ouso says he shared his thoughts in email, the capetown lodge is better.  Bianca: Think capetown is better. 

With UWC restricted to 1 week of holidays and bare minimum accomodations.  Everything is not very close.
- Questions for Bianca about CapeTown Lodge:
1) Serah: Translations would be available for which languages? ----> Bianca will find out
2) Serah: How many rooms would the venue afford us for breakout sessions? ---> As many as we'd need, and arranged 
in different ways - conference-style, boardroom-style, etc
3) Sarah: Do you know what the accommodation near by is per night? Just so we can estimate the cost including the 77 - USD $367/person (just the 77)

- Sher!: Venue for CC2018 was free; costs for CTL doesn't look bad at all
- Ouso: are we missing any facets? Sher!: everything is covered; info is enough to present to leadership team and budget committee
    
#### Determine next steps for venue: any more information we need? If we can make a decision, what happens next? 

- Sarah: send costs to budget committee and The Carpentries staff/leadership - if approved, 
we can move forward with contract ---> All eight participants on the call agree with this course of action
- Sarah: Who would be responsible for signing contracts and agreements with CC2020 vendors? --- > Elizabeth Williams 
does signing of contracts
- Bianca: What happens if Budget subcommittee / Carpentries Leadership finds CapeTown 
Lodge too expensive an option? ---> Sarah: we can keep the second SA venue as an option in that case. 
Sher!: Carpentries leadership is privy to all Task Force discussions and this won't catch them by surprise, 
we have their support


#### Conference Theme:
- https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Bf1BYwA-ZR2fFvS1tszebcstFAAYbh2cyz_pcIzRc5Q/edit?usp=sharing
- Main themes:
1) Sarah's top themes ---> Sarah counted the three themes that have the most top votes (1-3) and the least low votes (7-9) [ask Sarah to summarise that here] to help us prioritise   
    - Computational training and capacity building in diverse communities +1+1+1
    - Developing computational thinking in science and education
    - Fostering growth through inclusivity
    - Growing inclusive, computational communities and leaders
2) Bianca's top themes ---> Bianca looked at the theme with the total lowest score - result = Growing inclusive, computational communities and leaders (this is also pretty high on Sarah's list, 
it would be next after the three, since it has less high votes but a low number of low votes)
- https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Bf1BYwA-ZR2fFvS1tszebcstFAAYbh2cyz_pcIzRc5Q/edit#gid=251044217

- Serah: suggest that we pass top 3 themes to Carpentries Leadership and make final call 
for theme - TF can then get started on actual planning of conference. How does the TF feel about this?  +1 

**General notes**


### Action points

  - person name: point 1
  - person name: point 2

### Next call

Our next call, currently planned for Date, Time

Please see the connection information on the etherpad: https://pad.carpentries.org/2020carpentrycontaskforce
